# Delays

<!-- TODO: sharpen up *delays* some - there is something weird in the water; matt wants the money; matt can't go back to the hotel; do any of the same people work at the hotel? -->

<!-- TODO: Move this first paragraph somewhere else.  -->

Matt is drenched with sweat when he enters THE FONTIS HOTEL He can taste melting hair spray mingled with the salt of his own sweat as it runs down his face and across his lips in occasional rivulets. He had found the hair spray in the dumpster. Thought he'd spruce his flattop up a bit to collect his inheritance. No woman can resist the power of a flattop.

Once Matt's eyes adjust to the dim lighting, he makes his way past the lobby. He promptly ignores the concierge, dressed in a red-and-white-striped sweater with matching beanie, standing behind the front desk. He steps through some curtains and walks across a marble-floored atrium. His sphincter clenches involuntarily at the sound of running water from the massive fountain in the center of the atrium. He fights the old familiar urge to take a sip of water from it. He continues on, stepping down a few stairs into a red velvet-lined bar: the Red Room. Funny how he instinctively knows where to go in this hotel despite not being here for years. 

"Home, shit home," Matt mumbles. 

A bartender stands quietly at the far end, dressed in a grizzly bear costume. He was expecting to see Rebecca behind the bar. Matt waves but gets no response. The patrons at the bar eye him.

Matt waves. "Hullo."

No response.

Matt turns to the bartender. "Rebecca?" Maybe she's dressed up like a bear for some reason. 

"Rebecca took the night off," the grizzly bear replies.

"She still works here though?"

"What do you want?"

Matt hesitates. "Nothing," he says, feeling shame for having been away for so long without ever visiting. For the first time in his life, he was looking forward to a lecture from good old Rebecca. 

Matt looks across the bar. "Is it Halloween or something?"

No response. 

One of the patrons at the bar is dressed like a pirate. He turns to the guy next to him, who is dressed like a banana, and says, "Argh, Matey. Before long, this country'll be run aground by the vested interests of various fiduciary bagatelles."

The banana turns to the pirate and says, "You want me to agree with you just so you can say, 'This country is being run by a bunch of douche bags.' But you've got it wrong, dear boy. Not only is the joke cheap, but what you are actually referring to is cabals and not bagatelles." 

"Argh?" the pirate asks. 

The banana sips his pina colada before continuing, "A bagatelle is either a piece of music or a billiards-derived table game depending on the context. A cabal, however, is a group of persons entwined in a secret plot. Correct me if I'm wrong, but what you mean to say is 'fiduciary cabals.' Now, 'douche cab' isn't all bad for a punchline. It's certainly an amusing thought--imagine a Parisienne taxi with plastic seats like the back of a cop car and shower heads coming out of the seat rests. 'Save Time. Shower While You Commute!'--but I don't think that's what you were aiming for. Rethink your douchebag conspiracy, my dear boy."

"Argh!" the pirate belts out. "Fucking banana." He gulps his grog. 

Matt walks to the far end of the bar and shows the grizzly bear bartender his piece of paper with the barber's phone number on it. 

"My dad's dead," Matt says.

"Call that number for a good time," the grizzly bear-tender winks. 

The bear-tender points to a flight of stairs descending into darkness. "If you're looking for therapy, little lady, go down those steps."

The stairs lead to a pool with vagrants swimming in it. Matt gags after reaching the bottom. The room is moist. Most of the vagrants seem to be drowning in the pool.

Matt grimaces, closing his eyes. His sphincter clenches even tighter than before. He hates the water here at THE FONTIS and takes a step or two back up the steps before noticing Leo, the sexy priest from LORD'S LIQUORS, sitting in the lifeguard tower with a whistle around his neck. Leo donns a sexy full-body swimsuit.

Matt walks over. "Didn't I just see you at the liquor store?" He looks around awkwardly, looks at the folded-up piece of paper he's holding in his hands, thinks about what kind of good time can be had by calling the number.

"I'm a man of many talents, son. Ready for a swim?" 

Leo spots a vagrant swimmer having trouble staying afloat in the pool. He blows his whistle at the vagrant. "Swim with caution! Be wary of strong undertows in the pool," he yells through a megaphone. 

The vagrant swimmer pays no mind. Leo turns back to Matt.

"I don't swim. I'm here to collect my inheritance but . . . what the fuck are you doing down here?" Matt feels like he's losing his mind.

"I've been watching you, boy." The priest licks his fingers and runs them along his eyebrows before saying, "I knew your father."

"How? How'd you know my father?"

"Matt, I am your father."

"What?" Matt's UGG boots are feeling heavy, soaked with the moisture from the pool.

"Just joking!" Leo slaps his knee in a fit of laughter. "After your mamma passed, your pops come down to the church. He needed to hear the Lord's prayer and attend some sexy sermons. He came down to Sunday Service for comfort and community and all that good old home-cooked shit. He had a big empty hole. And he needed a hole to fill the hole with. You see what I'm saying?"

"Don't talk about my mom like that." Matt tries to lift his feet. The UGGs are incredibly heavy.

"Sorry. What I meant to say was that your daddy had an empty dryer a tumblin' and a rumblin' and a bumblin' with no clothes in it." The priest pauses. He kisses the tattooed knuckles of each hand in turn: HOLY first, then LORD. He eyes Matt's UGG boots.

"That was a beautiful laundry metaphor, Father Leo." Matt says. "But what happened to your weird accent? You're talking different."

"God allows me to do what I want when I want. I'm also on some new medication." Leo licks his lips. "Where'd you get those UGGs?"

Matt's face turns red. He looks down and mumbles, "Dead hooker."

"Hand 'em over, son. Uncle Leo's foots be cold." He gestures with his hands for Matt to hand the UGGs over.

Matt's upper lip trembles. "But ..."

"Them shoes, son!" Leo barks firmly. "I love me some UGGs!"

"Ugh," Matt sighs, pulling the UGGs off his feet with tears in his eyes. He hands the UGGs up to Leo who puts them on his feet. 

Leo smiles wide then continues, "Your daddy ... " he wipes priest tears from his priest eyes. "My mascara is a'runnin'."

"Why are you crying?" Matt asks.

"These UGGs make my eyes sweat." Leo wipes the tears from his face.

A swimming vagrant dressed in seersucker yells out from the deep end of the pool. Matt and Leo watch him struggle to stay afloat.

"Help," the vagrant shouts before finally going under.

Matt turns back to Leo. "So, what am I doing here? Dad left me some money? And what are you doing here?"

"I'm da county recahds clerk fo' dis pool," Leo says with a hand in his mouth. He digs with the long, sharp nail of his index finger at something caught between his molars. "And you here fo' da deaf sadiffigates."

"What?" Matt says.

Leo removes his hand from his mouth. A tusk of yellow saliva stretches from his sunblock-whitened lip to the tip of his finger, stretching tighter and tighter until the strand of saliva snaps and bursts like a water-balloon, spreading over Leo's sacred swimwear in a yeasty spatter of yellowish spray.

"The death certificates," he says.

Matt gags. 

"You need some new shoes, boy." Leo pets his UGGs.

"Umm ... death certificates?" Matt asks.

Squished between Leo's thick thigh and his lifeguard chair is an expanda-file full of death certificates. He reaches in and hands Matt a stack of about twenty.

"I don't think I need so many," Matt says.

"Take them," Leo insists. "You're gonna need 'em."

He blows his whistle at another swimming vagrant. "Stop drowning! Swimming only! Drowning is not allowed in the swimming pool!" The vagrant drowns. Leo sighs. "Goddamn vagrants never follow the rules."

## it's the water

"It's the water." Matt says staring at the swimming pool. Fully-ragged vagrants struggle to stay afloat, most of them eventually drowning.

"What's that?" Leo bends over to hear better.

"It's the water," Matt says a bit louder, still watching the pool. "That's why they're drowning."

"No shit?" Leo looks from Matt's face to the water in the pool. "Helps to know how to swim I reckon."

"I mean, there's something *in* the water."

"I'll say. Bums."

From somewhere in the basement, an organ sounds. The sustained ominous notes pile on for dramatic effect. Matt looks across the pool and sees a toothless, homeless, armless man playing the organ with his bare feet. 

"Be careful of that water," Matt says. "Rebbecca warned me when I was younger. 'It makes people crazy,' she said."

"Who the fuck is Rebecca?" The priest scratches his crotch. "I don't give a shit about no Rebecca."

"Rebecca works here at THE FONTIS. She's the barkeep. You haven't met her?"

"Too many faces, kid." Leo wipes at the drool on his swimwear. "Rebecca is that grizzly bear upstairs?"

"No. I don't know who that is." Matt shakes his head. 

"You okay, son?" Leo sticks a hand out. "Gimme one of them death certificates."

"Why?"

"I don't know. Maybe it'll make you feel better."

Matt hands Leo a wrinkled death certificate. "Nope. Still feel like shit." He pauses, then asks, "Hey, why don't you rescue those bums in your pool?"

"Why don't you?"

"I'm tired of this scene, Leo. Give me my inheritance so we can get on with the story and I can get out of this shithole." Matt loathes being around so much water and apathy.

"You can't just have the money." Leo lights up a cigar. 

"You mean I can't just have the money? I just want the money. And I want it now," Matt says. "I'm losing my mind in this place."

"It's not that simple. I'm what they call an Executor of the Trust, son. It's my job to see that everybody gets what's coming to them, fair and square."

"So ... alright. Give me what I've got coming to me. And give it to me now."

"Well ... in your case, *it ain't exactly that simple*. To begin with, there is the matter of the death certificate. Do you have a death certificate?" Leo puffs at his cigar.

"Umm ... yes. I believe I do. You just gave me a stack of them. And I just gave you one back. Remember?"

"Give one to me, son." Leo carefully places his cigar on the arm of his lifeguard chair. 

"But ... you *just* gave them to me and I *just* gave you one back," Matt says, gesturing.

"We have formalities for a reason. I don't make the Holy Law. I just live by it." Leo puts out his hand. "Hand one over."

Matt hands over one of the crumpled sheets of paper with a seal of notarization stamped into one corner.

Leo looks it over, studying the sheet carefully. He smooths it out against his leg, holds it up to the light, marks on it with a special counterfeit detection pen. "Very well," he says. "Your daddy wants you to have THE FONTIS HOTEL. But with some stipulations. He's put Lala in charge of the business."

Matt scratches his head. "LALA? What's a LALA?"

"Lala is your mother--"

"My mother's dead," Matt interrupts.

"--in law. Your daddy remarried, son. And he put his wife in charge of THE FONTIS. He wanted you to take over the business but he hadn't seen you in a couple years."

"It's been years?" Matt scratches his head. Touches his dick.

"You've got to work with Lala for a couple of months before I sign the papers and hand the place off to you."

"How long?"

Leo holds out a clipboard with a pen tethered to it. "Get your signatures on the bottoms there," he says. 

Matt makes his mark. "How long will all this take?"

"Once we're done here, you can go upstairs and get yourself a room." Leo picks up his cigar, sucks on it hard. 

"But I don't want to get a room. I want to go back to the CLOTHING CLEANING STORE."

"Son, you can't go back to the CLOTHING CLEANING STORE. You've got to work. You start tonight. Did you read the forms you just signed--"

Matt interrupts, "Hey! How long do I have work at this hotel?"

"I don't know. A couple of months," Leo says. "Until Lala says you know the ropes."

"A couple of *MONTHS*?! And then what?"

"Then we sign the papers and the place is yours." Leo gets to the end of his cigar. Throws it in the pool.

"And I can do whatever I want after that?"

"The place is yours, Matty McFatty."

"The name's Matt. And I'm not fat." Matt looks down at his protruding belly. "I'm just out of shape. Anyways, what you're saying is that I have to jump through these hoops first no matter what? There's no way around all this?"

"Only if Lala were to drop dead. But she's a young gun with a hot pair of fun buns. Yum! She'll make ya cum, son. Fit tits. She ain't dyin' no time soon though. What's the rush?" Leo touches his dick. "Y'all jump through dem hoops now, ya here?"

"Why are you talking with this stupid on-and-off-again southern accent?"

Leo ignores the question and puts a huge, hoary hand on Matt's shoulder. "I just want to warn you: Lala may be expecting to get the hotel to herself. She was a good God-fearing member of my congregation, but I've got to say ... ever since she moved into this hotel ... she did done changed. She don't come 'round to regular service no more ... and since your daddy passed, she been ... I don't know, son. She been greedy and horny and sweaty. She may or may not have put Father Leo's boner in her mouth. And Father Leo may or may not have liked it. She nasty, son."

# Lucius is profiled on the TV

"This damn water is turning everyone into a vagrant," Matt says before heading back up to the bar without thanking Leo or saying goodbye. His threadbare socks wet from the moist steps. He doesn't bother taking them off. They're the only shoes he has now. 

Matt sits on a stool at the bar. Orders a drink. Slams it down. Orders another drink. Touches his dick.

Matt needs the inheritance now. He feels dumb for avoiding his father for so many years. He thinks of Laundra. Remembers that she is at another one of Lucius' seminars right now. He touches his flattop. "Laundra," he lets out. 

The bar TV turns on. Matt, the grizzly bear-tender, the pirate and the banana man all watch the montage of images projecting from the screen... 

> We float over Shit City and focus on a building shaped like a giant erection. It is a massive penis carved of stone. 

> We cut to Lucius whispering into a woman's ear. His big hard cock slides into her. We zoom out to reveal an alien penetrating Lucius from behind. 

"It's an intergalactic train," the banana man explains. 

> A voice on the TV says, "Lucius, wine tycoon extraordinaire, owns the newly renovated state-of-the-art COCK TOWER at the top of Penis Hill. Lucius likes to watch over our city from his lush rooftop vineyard. He is our protector. Lucius' commitment to clean up Shit City has won him unanimous support with city leaders. Extending the grace and goodwill of Penis Hill down through the Taint into Shit City proper and revitalizing it into a respectable community for all of us shitizens is precisely what this city needs. Let's acquaint ourselves with a day in the life of our dear, noble Lucius." 

> A naked woman knocks on the door of COCK TOWER.

> The giant cock-shaped door swings wide to reveal Lucius, in a short pink kimono decorated with hundreds of little beige cocks, standing with his hairy orange legs slightly apart, his feet planted firmly into plush cock-shaped slippers. 

> "Welcome to the Phallus Palace," he says. He leads his guest through the cock-themed halls into a bedchamber with a large cock-shaped waterbed. The naked woman lays herself down. Lucius grabs a purple penis pillow and smothers her to death. He rolls the body off the waterbed and onto the floor. 

> We follow Lucius through a horny hallway into a personal tanning salon. He slips tanning goggles over his eyes before sliding into his tanning bed. 

>"Lucius wears a cock ring on his finger. See how it glistens against his vibrant, passionate orange tan," the voice on the TV says. 

> "Lucius enjoys masturbating while tanning," the voice continues. "His tanning sessions last exactly as long as his masturbation sessions last."

> Lucius' hairy orange fingers grip his hairy orange cock. It spasms like a tranny hooker being strangled to death in the heat of the night. He works it up and down, back and forth--the way an artist might handle a paintbrush, or a janitor twirling mop.

> "You want the cock," Lucius groans as his cock throbs and grows under the UV lights of the tanning bed. His dick bursts--a cumsplosion splatters all over the tanning bed. 

> "Are you familiar with the smell of burning cum?" the voice on the TV asks. 

> Lucius gets out of the tanning bed and rubs the excess cum on his rock hard abs. 

> "Lucius enjoys ejaculating all over his stomach then commanding men, women and children to lick it off." 

> Now a naked Lucius saunters around his vineyard rooftop. He touches his perfect edge-sharp flattop, his semi-erect penis flapping and slapping between golden thunder thighs of steel. 

> "Rumors have been circulating about Lucius' PRIQ wine label," the voice on the TV says. "Skeptics and small-minded fearmongers have claimed that the wine comes from the pressed corpses of hobos and harlots. But the wine actually comes from the majestic grapes of his rooftop vineyards."

> "At forty, Lucius has achieved plenty of success," the TV voice says. "And he's on the threshold of even bigger and harder things." 

> Lucius looks over the city from his rooftop. The glitter and glow of the city lights hum in the night. 

> "Wine is fine," Lucius hums. "And the pussy's mine." 

And the TV flickers off. 

The grizzly bear-tender asks the pirate and the banana, "Are you guys familiar with the smell of burning cum?"

The pirate and banana shake their heads. 

"Me neither," the bear-tender says. "That Lucius sure had a nice flattop though."

The pirate and banana man nod in agreement.

Matt falls off the barstool, drops to his knees and cries out, "Nooooooooo!"

"Alien pussy is out of this world," the banana man says. 

# Six-Four

<!-- ACT THREE: flashback in which Matt recalls further tales of Lucius. he has more reasons to hate him. -->

Matt hops back up on his barstool. Downs his drink. Orders another. 

A realization crashes over him like a wave. Or maybe it's the alcohol. Matt has seen Lucius before and not just on TV. 

AS SEEN ON TV!

Matt's seen him driving around at night in some sort of street cleaning tank. He's seen Lucius standing behind the tank's water turret mounted on top with a huge barrel of liquid. Matt thinks of it as a tank but it had wheels, not treads, and it cruised the darkened alleyways in complete silence. 

Lucius sneaks up on homeless encampments and 'sterilizes' the streets by pulverizing them with his tank's water canon. He targets encampments that have pulled together tarps and corrugated plastics and warehouse pallets and shopping carts and abandoned produce boxes and discarded scraps of third-rate plywood and other refuse to create some semblance of autonomy and safety. He rolls up with the lights off on his tank, its engine eerily silent.  

Matt can remember it clearly now. He got caught in the crossfire. The darkness exploded with the impact of a fire hose. 

Matt stumbled through the darkness one night, the separation of church and state weighing down upon him heavily as it still does in our fair country. 

Don't forget to vote! (Your vote doesn't count!)

The glowing glass eyes of the concrete towers spat their tears down at miserable Matt, but their light illuminated nothing. They hung heavy with steel rails and folding ladders overgrown with mossy neglect and potted bougainvillea. Matt struggled on alone in darkness with dry, cracked and blistered lips.

He'd burnt his mouth on a crack pipe, you see. He'd pushed the little piece of steel wool back and forth with a little pusher-stick, scraping all the tar and residue from the inside of a glass tube he'd found in a dumpster. Matt held the flame to the steel wool. He watched it glow orange-hot as he sucked the flame into it. His lips were numb. The cocaine did that. Even when there wasn't enough left to reach his brain, it still numbed his mouth. It was his fingers that felt the heat. He recoiled in pain, dropping the glass tube to the ground. The makeshift pipe shattered on the ground, sending jagged shards of glass and hope everywhere. He didn't yet notice the blisters forming on his lips, but it didn't take long. 

He was shaking and his eyes were wide as he sifted through the broken glass on the wet asphalt, hoping to find a piece of the magic, waxy rock concealed somewhere in the mundane gravel and grime. Scavenge for the essence of your past by slowly crawling away from yourself, Matt Lamott! But the rain increased. Whatever crumbs of Matt's past washed away.

Matt stood up and walked on. The street was lined with iron cages--government issued, sense-of-security human cages. Sad-eyed hobos leaned against their cell walls, cleaning the gunk out from beneath their fingernails with the corners of matchbooks, lost in the void that is the mess of their mind. Hungry-eyed vets rattled their cages and made cat-calls to the head-scarved prostitutes who pushed their wagon-wheeled wicker baskets, stuffed with wax paper wrapped cutlets of water buffalo meat and overflowing with wafer-thin slices of silicone, steadily down the wet walk. Crazy-eyed crackheads flashed their yellowing whites at him and yawned their indifference at his passing.

Matt held his hands out to the rain and rubbed them together, using the accruing moisture to wipe the residual filth of Shit City away from his palms before he put them to his face. He pressed his cheeks into the heels of his hands. Rubbed his throbbing temples.Ran his fingers through his oily hair.

"This place is a zoo," he muttered. "This place is a prison," he thought. He was surrounded by concrete walls broken by iron bars. Were they keeping him in or were they keeping him out? Was there much of a difference? The human orangutans stared at each other across the divide with equal curiosity. Working girls standing in poorly lit display cages showed off mottled expanses of thigh as flashed their stockings at passers-by, pretending to adjust their garters.

Matt didn't know if he was locked inside or outside, and it no longer mattered. He met Six Four at a place that was neither. She was standing on the threshold of a mauled gate. It hung heavy on its bent hinges, deformed, crooked and broken - a portal between worlds.

Six Four was her name, and she stood six foot four. All the johns mistook her for a transvestite. She was the only prostitute Matt had ever met who had been assaulted for not having a penis. 

She was standing in the ruins of the iron cage on the outskirts of a large hobo village. Steam rose from her. Her chest heaved. She was splashed all over in hot pink paint, flecks of it on her chest and face and in her nappy hair too. The scars on her face and shoulders stood as stark relief to the Jackson Pollack splatters of pink. 

"What happened?" Matt asked her. 

They started talking.

She hung around the same corners as the trannies. Business was better.

"This is where I belong," she said to Matt.  

Six Four didn't have a cock though.

She did mostly tugs and some blow jobs too. But not more than that. She didn't want to have to talk about it. People expected her to have a cock. Some guys liked it when she whispered in their ears, licking their earlobes and telling them how hard she was while she stroked them off. She didn't mind. She was fine. 

Most of the time. 

"This is why I won't do more than a blow job," Six Four said. Her customers always thought she was a man. She went with it. Accentuated it sometimes. Put a little makeup on around her chin and cheeks to simulate a little five o'clock shadow. 

But this guy had insisted. He kept calling her a faggot. His friend had been hiding in the alley, and they came onto Six Four strong. They wanted to see her cock, to touch it, to slap their faces with it. 

"No," she told them. "That's not what I do."

They tried to force their way into her pants and she told them that she had tried to operate on herself and all she had left was a tore up chunk of pathetic cockmeat that wouldn't do any good to anybody. The two men ripped their way into her panties and tried to figure out how the tape job had been done. But soon they understood. 

And soon they became furiously angry. One of the guys backhanded her. Got her in the eye. She stumbled. Went down. That's when she found the paint can in her hands. She smashed it into the one guy's face and then the other's. They each fell hard. She arranged their still bodies so that she could stand over both of them together and she began to beat them with the can until it split open and the pink paint splashed all over, mixing with their blood. 

She straddled them like a praying mantis, towering with her gangly legs spread wide around their heads. She kept smashing their stupid fat faces with the can of paint that had been sitting quietly in the wet dark of the alley. 

She finished her story, staring at the twisted metal of the mangled iron gate that was the entrance to this large hobo village. The light constant drizzle wasn't quite strong enough to wash away the smells of the neighborhood. 

"Do you got any rock?" Matt asked.

Thats when the fire hose hit. 

The concrete jet of ice-water slammed into Matt's back and drove him into Six Four. She might have seen it coming a split second sooner than Matt had because she held onto a rusted spar of iron with one hand and held onto Matt with the other. It was enough to keep her feet. It was enough to keep them generally upright. Matt's feet washed out from under him. He lost a shoe.

The street roared to life. Floodlights seared up out of nowhere. Lucius' flattop was visible behind the water hose turret on top of the menacing street cleaning tank. It gleamed in the light. It was a really nice flattop.

Lucius blasted the entire encampment into wreckage. Babies cried for their mothers. Mothers cried for their babies. Families were separated and washed out to sea as the icy spray forced them through the cavernous storm drains big enough to fit even the obese. A strange chemical smell rose from the wreckage. The hose blasted ice water with bleach or something worse in it. Matt's skin burned. For weeks he walked around with swollen red eyes, bloodshot and stinging. His vision was shaky and blurred. Only beer could soothe him. 

Fucking water. Fucking goddamn water. Fucking water. Matt went into hysterics. Six Four calmed him down. She had looked out for him, kept him from washing down the monster storm drains. He didn't really know what had happened. He blacked out ... but ...

He came to, eventually. Where he came to is another story, and what he came to took some coming and took some washing and drying. He had felt like dying. The water was bad enough, but there was that strange chemical smell. 

Lucius, the flat-topped watergunner, was glorified as a hero on TV. Of course there were no adulterants in the fluids, he said. It was the purest of spring waters. It was good old mountain water from the Bitch Bitchy Reservoir, processed and purified in the rooftop vineyards of Libidinous Lucius' extravagant estate.

# At the Fontis

<!-- status: first draft -->

Matt scratches his dick. He hops off his barstool and heads back into the lobby of THE FONTIS HOTEL. He asks the concierge for a phone. He calls Laundra. The concierge stares at him with his arms folded across his chest. 

"Laundra, I don't have the money yet," Matt says into the phone. "No. Not long. I don't know. No, not--but listen. I ... wait, but okay, but it's not going to be long. But listen. I can't come back. I've got to work--no, I've got to work *here* tonight. For a little while actually ... but I'll get the money. NO! ... come on. You said if I got the money, you wouldn't go on the show. The workers are starting on the CLOTHING CLEANING STORE tomorrow? Send them away. I'll get the money. No. I'll get the money. I'LL GET THE MONEY, just don't-- No. Don't. Laundra! NO! Don't hang up!"

Matt hands the receiver back to the concierge, who places it back on the cradle.

"She hung up," Matt says.

"I don't care," says the concierge dressed in a red-and-white-striped sweater and matching beanie. "My name is Waldo. Why don't you come around behind the counter and I'll show you how to check a guest into this shithole." Waldo's tone is completely flat. There is no question in it. 

---

# TV Spot - Hotel Lobby

Matt stands behind the concierge desk, tapping his foot. Not one guest has walked in. Waldo, the concierge, left for his break hours ago. Matt’s been staring blankly at the TV mounted on the wall of the lobby. His socks have had plenty of time to dry. Nothing but loud commercials about Lucius' RETAIL RENOVATION GANGBANG SHOW have been playing all night long. Matt's been doing all he can to ignore them. But boredom wins, and Matt gives in and watches one. 

> Images flash across the television screen of a penis-shaped plane flying through the sky, dropping loads of clean white laundry on stray dogs and homeless people who cheer and clap in celebration. 

> An enticing voice arouses hope, "Tonight on RETAIL RENOVATION GANGBANG SHOW: a family dedicates their lives to bringing clean laundry to desperate people in Haiti." 

> We cut to a fat old woman picking up some underwear off the ground. "I can't even guess how many lives the Johnson family has saved with their clothing cleaning store," she says. "I just shit in my underwear because I'm poor and helpless."

> The enticing voice continues, "But when dirty laundry destroys the Johnson family's clothing cleaning store, Lucius flies in some relief of his own."

> The penis-shaped plane lands in a field. A man with a fake orange tan dressed in an all-white three-piece suit steps out of the plane and screams through a megaphone, "Good morning, Johnson family!" The man is Lucius. 

> The family runs toward Lucius, who sports the nicest looking flattop Matt has ever seen. Lucius and the Johnson family embrace and laugh and cry and dance and shit and play with clean white laundry. 

> We cut to Lucius being interviewed on TV. "This week on RETAIL RENOVATION GANGBANG SHOW I have a chance to really make a huge difference not only for the Johnson family and for Haiti but for the world." 

> Grinning, Lucius strokes the landing strip of facial hair below his bottom lip. His teeth are unnaturally and predatorily white. 

Matt watches. It's as if Lucius is staring out from the television set directly at him. Lucius is taunting Matt. Matt runs the top of his tongue along the bottom of his chipped yellow tooth. Runs the tips of his fingers along the uneven top of his butchered flattop.

> More images flash across the screen: construction workers hammer recklessly at the walls of a clothing cleaning store in disrepair, painters haphazardly paint the walls but mostly themselves, the Johnson family kneels down and prays in front of their newly remodeled store, and the last few grainy images show Lucius systematically declothing and penetrating each member of the Johnson family with his rock hard cock.

> "Do laundry. Fuck bitches. Fuck laundry. Do bitches. Tonight at eleven," the enticing voice concludes before the TV shuts off. 

"This is bad," Matt says. He picks up the front desk phone. Calls Laundra. No answer. Hangs up. Thinks it over. Touches his dick. Picks the phone back up. Calls Laundra. No fucking answer. Sticks his hand down his pants. Lightly fingers his asshole. Thinks it over.

"This is really bad."

Matt goes over it in his mind, all the while lightly fingering his asshole. He can't see it any other way. Laundra’s fucking Lucius. He's sure of it. At this very moment, he has never been more sure of anything else. Laundra is 100% fucking her brains out. Matt thinks of all the dicks Laundra must have stashed away in her laundry basket. He closes his eyes. He clutches at his dick.

He pictures a giant grizzly bear with a flattop thrusting his big giant hairy grizzly bear penis into Laundra’s big giant hairy grizzly bear vagina (with a flattop). They are fucking in a dumpster full of dirty grizzly bear laundry in the alley behind THE CLOTHING CLEANING STORE.

Big dark swollen clouds throb overhead. It’s raining laundry--a downpour of dirty clothes caked with grizzly cum and greasy bum shit. With each violent thrust from the grizzly bear, lightning bolts shoot down and strike unsuspecting vagrants wandering the streets aimlessly. Clumps of laundry shoot up into the air from the dumpster with each thrust.

Laundra moans in ecstasy. She screams. Her eyes are wine red. The grizzly bear laughs. The dumpster slowly fills with wine before overflowing onto the dirty alley street.

Laundra calls out, “I’m getting fucked by a grizzly bear, Matt Lamott!”

Matt touches his dick at the thought. He kisses the receiver of the front desk phone. He knows he has no reason to distrust Laundra. He has stumbled down this dark alley before and knows that every back alley dead ends with trash cans filled with tall-tales and cocktails, tramps turning tricks and loved ones sucking dicks. 

# Matt thinks of Love and Whores

Matt picks up the receiver of the front desk phone, with its dial tone ringing, and yells into it. "NO!" He slams it back down. 

"I am angry," Matt says calmly to himself. He considers his thoughts and feelings for a moment.

When it comes to cock, you can’t trust anyone in this city. Everyone is fucking everyone. Vagrants wandering from vagina to vagina. Beggars buttfucking bitches. Homeless harlots! Soulless skanks sexing up with sweet and sour sluts sashaying about in their ho huts. Matt is filled with disgust. He can feel the mania swelling up inside him. 

The last time Matt was in an alley, he was getting a blow job from a whore named Mania. He thought it would turn him into a man. It didn’t.

Matt couldn’t get hard. Mania was sucking and tugging but there was no way in hell Matt was cumming amidst all this slumming.

“Harder,” he whispered.

She stopped to cough. She hacked on his dick. She used her phlegm for lube. He leaned against the brick wall in the dark alleyway and closed his eyes. He couldn't even feel his dick. 

When he opened them, Mania was giving another man a hand job while still giving Matt a blow job. Matt freaked. Mania ran. Matt pulled his pants up and ran after her. The other man finished masturbating in the alley. His name was Gerald. 

Matt never caught up with Mania. Mania caught up with him! And he's been running ever since. 

Matt shakes his thoughts from that nightmare. He can’t stop his mind from meandering like a gentle river of raw sewage winding through a concrete meadow littered with used needles and broken crack pipes. Yellows and browns and grays and blues. Matt can feel that evil whore, Mania, creeping up on him again. 

Matt thinks about fucking someone, anyone, everyone. If there’s one thing he’s learned in this fuck fest of a life, it’s to fight infidelity with infidelity. Tit for tat. Big fucking tits for big fucking tats. People in this city play dirty and they fuck dirty. 

"Waldo," he cries out. "Where's Waldo?" His voice echoes throughout THE FONTIS. 

Matt needs to get the money from the inheritance now. He's got to stop Lucius from remodeling Laundra's store. From remodeling Laundra's vagina. 

"Waldo!"

# matt and lala get wasted

<!-- Lala shows him around. She flirts with him -->

<!-- Lala doesn't want to give up her position as head of the Hotel. She knows that Leo will push her out - or at least demean her role - if it becomes a Sexy Monastery. But if she can convince Matt to be subservient to her, let her call the shots, she will sign the forms and let Matt take control on Paper (though she will be the real boss). -->

<!-- They hang out in the Red Room and get wasted. WASTED. -->

---

And then an attractive woman walks into the lobby as if she owns the place. 

"Waldo went home," the woman says, approaching Matt with a hand out. Matt loves women's hands. Even when they are boney and veiny like chicken feet. 

Matt forces a smile, his prominent chipped tooth quite visible, and shakes the woman's hand. Her shake is firm. Matt wants to touch his dick but doesn't.

"My name is Lala. You must be Matt." 

Matt blinks. This is *LALA*? His father's lover? 

"Hi, I'm fat. I mean, I'm Matt." Matt also happens to be a little fat. He's got just a little bit of a belly and it's enough to worry him a lot. 

Lala smiles. "So you're the infamous Matthew."

Matt grimaces. 

"Do you want to see the family suite?" Lala asks, quickly changing the subject. 

Matt doesn't want to see the family suite. Not yet. Lala isn't as old as he suspected. She's older than Matt, but not by much. Five years?

Lala is saying something as she leads him across the lobby but she is ahead of Matt, her face pointing away from him. And though she speaks loudly, Matt can't quite make out the words of what she is saying.

It doesn't help that he takes one more look at the flickering television set.

<!-- TODO: get rid of brother  -->

On the screen:

> Two children play in the atrium fountain, floating newspaper boats in the water.

> The smaller boy begins to shout pleadingly when the larger boy throws a rock into the fountain, capsizing one of the boats.

> The little boy pulls at his sleeve and tries to stop him from throwing more stones into the water. The larger boy tries to shrug him off, but the little one is persistent. He keeps on him. The larger boy finally pushes him away, thrusting his palm into the little guy's face while continuing to throw rocks with his other hand.

> The little boy lets out a mighty scream, dodges past the big hand and nails the bigger kid with a swift kick to the groin.

> The larger boy goes down. He clutches at his groin and rocks back and forth.

> The little boy stands staring at him, dirt-streaks of tears staining his cheeks.

> The camera pans to a crowd of onlookers standing and staring in awe.

> The atrium is encircled by a large spiral staircase. Bright, colorful light filters down from high above.

> The little boy looks up and sees a man coming down the stairs.

> The little boy turns and runs away.

Lala leads Matt out of the lobby and into the atrium. Sunlight filters down from the glass dome up above. A giant spiral stair surrounds the atrium, climbing in wide, lazy circles toward the stained glass canopy. The light seems lusterless, grey and dull. It's much muddier than Matt remembers.

Lala takes him down to the Red Room. It's mid-morning. The bar is empty. Matt is relieved.

"Can I get you some water?" Lala asks.

Matt shakes his head.

A little television in the corner of the bar flickers to life. 

>The image on the screen is of the Red Room but some years ago. The fixtures are new and shiny. The bar top is polished and smooth. There are no cracks in the varnish. 

>Behind the bar, light gleams on rows and rows of clean, expensive-looking bottles. A round woman leans forward and rests her massive breasts on the polished wood of the bar top. She looks into the camera, wagging her finger, and says, "Be careful of that water, Matthew." You betta off drinkin' liquor. Hell, you even betta off drinkin' malt liquor."

Lala pours a couple fingers of CROW FLIGHT whiskey into a smudged bucket glass and knocks it back. She refills the glass and slides it in front of Matt. She leaves the bottle within reach. They sit on stools upholstered in ripped leather. The bar top is moist and sticky. Matt smells some type of pine oil cleaning product infused with puke. Some things just can't come clean. 

Lala begins to tell stories about Matt's father, Sparky. And they start out innocent enough. About how she met Sparky at Leo's church. How he was introverted. Suffering. She could tell he was sad. She didn't like seeing sad. Sparky was like a big wet-eyed puppy. But sweet. So sweet. She tells Matt about jokes they shared. Giggling over the text of the hymnal.

Of course she'd heard about Matt. But Sparky didn't talk about him all that much. He didn't talk about his family at all really.

"What happened?" Matt throws out. He quickly puts his glass to his mouth. Sips on the whiskey to mask his interest.

"We fell in love," Lala says. "Little by little, we ... I don't know. He needed something. I needed something. We found each other. In Leo's church. It was a miracle, I guess. A sexy miracle."

"I mean to my father. What happened to my father? How did he--"

Lala runs her finger along the rim of her glass. "I was just devastated, Mathew." She lets out a sigh. "No one could have seen that coming. A real shock. I was still in shock when Father Leo called and told me about the trust ... it's all so much." Lala flips her hair, looks Matt in the eye. 

"I miss him, you know? When I'd get back from my aerobics class, he'd ... he'd do the funniest things. He'd put a pair of my panties on his head and dance around the mezzanine. He'd be parading around the balcony when I came in the front, one eye poking out each of the ... you know ... the leg holes ..." Lala breaks into tears. Great big sobs.

Matt doesn't know what to do. He finishes the whiskey in the smudged glass and untucks his shirt, uses the corner of the mustard yellow fabric to wipe the glass clean while he waits for Lala to get a hold of herself. She takes her time.

Matt polishes the glass and refills it. Lala takes it from him and knocks back the whiskey. She hands it back. The glass is smudged from her fingers, lipstick is smeared across the rim. Matt imagines he can smell the salt of her tears.

He wipes the glass again, getting her lipstick on the front of his shirt. He puts the glass onto the sticky surface of the bar and fills it with more of the drink. He tries to tuck his shirt back in, awkwardly stuffing the cloth down the front of his pants without standing up. He fumbles with his belt buckle, with the clasp and his fly. He gets lipstick on the fly of his pants.

He looks up when he realizes Lala has stopped sobbing. She is watching him with big wet eyes smeared with black mascara.

The jukebox starts up, playing "Stop Your Sobbing" by The Kinks.

Matt downs his whiskey. 

"I want to show you something," Lala says. "Come on."

She grabs the bottle in one hand and takes Matt's hand in the other. "Come on, come on," she says like an eager child.

# Mothers Footsteps / Father's Shoes

Lala pulls Matt to his feet. He stumbles as he catches his balance and snatches the smudged, shirt-polished bucket glass in his free hand and they are off. Back out of the Red Room and up the three marble stairs into the atrium, they attack the great spiral stair. She takes him up onto the mezzanine toward the family suite. He doesn't really want to go, but he doesn't know how to say no. 

Matt drinks the whiskey and reaches across Lala's body to grab the bottle from her. His arm brushes against her breasts as he leans toward her. He looks away. She doesn't seem to notice. 

Lala leads him into the walk-in closet that links to both the master bath and master bedrooms of the family suite.

"Look at this," she says, and holds up some silk pajamas with chili peppers printed into the fabric. "I gave Sparky these." She drops the chili pepper pajamas onto the floor. "Look at this." She holds up another set of pajamas, these with little ladybugs crawling all over them. She drops them to the floor and rummages through more clothes.

Matt picks the ladybug pajamas up. 

"Try them on," Lala says, still rummaging. "You're about the same height as him."

Matt strips down to his underwear. Puts his father's ladybug pajamas on. The silk is smooth. 

"Sparky had such incredible erections in his pajamas," Lala blurts out.

Matt sways. He's a little tipsy. A little confused. The CROW'S FLIGHT is muddling his brains. He's starting to feel uncomfortable. Uncomfortable with this whole thing. With Lala staring at him and showing him clothes and telling stories about his father that get increasingly bizarre and sexual.

Matt throws the pajamas off and quickly puts his shirt and pants back on. He does not want to think about his dad's erection.

Matt begins to wonder about Lala's mental health. He feels personally offended by the state of disrepair of the hotel. He asks Lala questions about the hotel.

"What's our occupancy tonight?"

But Lala doesn't answer his questions or address his concerns. She tells unrelated weird anecdotes.

"I once read an erotic novel in which the narrator was obsessed with religion and war. 'Enemy-occupied territory---that is what this world is,' he said. (C.S. Lewis)

"What happened to my dad?" Matt asks.

To which, Lala responds "then, one time, he dressed up--and this is when I think I really realized that I was, like falling for him--like a nihilist. I mean, isn't that crazy? He was there at a Sex Church sermon dressed up like a nihilist. And how perfect is this? Leo was doing some speech about repressed guilt and human nature and sexuality or whatever. But Leo, he just stands around the back of the church, and during the mingle and munchies hour afterward, not really talking to anyone, and then ... I walked up to him ..." Lala breaks into a fit of giggles. She struggles to get the next words out. "I walk up to him, and I say 'Although the most acute judges of the witches and even the witches themselves, were convinced of the guilt of witchery, the guilt nevertheless was non-existent. It is thus with all guilt.' And he says ... you ready for it? You ready? He says 'I've got half a mind to turn you over my knee and spank the spoiled hell out of you.'

"Where is everyone?" Matt asks.

"Everyone who?"

"Everyone. THE FONTIS family. The staff. This place seems pretty empty ..."

"It's a holiday. Ooo. Look at this! You'll love this one. Feel the fabric. Isn't it soft?"

She holds up a bath robe, extending her hand toward Matt. He recognizes the terrycloth masterpiece. A designer garment that Sparky had special ordered back when Matt was a teen. Ordered it off the television. A set. Slippers and robe. It was pricy.

Matt couldn't remember how much, but he knew that it was enough to cause an uproar if anyone but Sparky touched the thing. Housekeeping had picked it up with the laundry one time, and a nuclear explosion of angry temper blasted through the entire hotel, incinerating the offending parties.

You could tell if Sparky was working by what he was wearing. If he was working, he was wearing a tie. If he wasn't working, he was wearing the bathrobe and slipper combo. They made him feel luxurious, he said. He was always working. But in the afternoons, when he started drinking, that's when he took off the tie and put on the robe. You could tell if he was drunk by what he was wearing. He never stopped obsessing over hotel business, but if he was wearing the robe, he was drunk.

Matt was there when Sparky had received the robe in the mail. Watched him open the package. The thing was still like new. Crisp and clean, the terrycloth fibers looked thick and inviting. Bright and fresh as they came out of the gold foil shipping package.

Matt had been thinking of a way out. Trying to formulate words of retreat, trying to plan his flight from this freakshow in his Dad's bedroom. But now that Lala is standing there displaying that warmth and wealth of terrycloth, it paralyzes him. His inner monologue shuts down and he reaches out for robe.

"You've got my lipstick on your pants."

"Hmm?"

"And on your shirt. Here. Take off your shirt."

Matt strips off his clothes and kicks off his socks. And the room melts away. Everything melts away but the pure white terrycloth. It grows before him like a bank of cumulo nimbus clouds, like a bubble bath, like a field of angel feathers. He spreads his arms wide and falls into the soft welcoming whiteness. Ultimate heavenly comfort envelops him. He hears a cascading harmony unfold in the air around him. The vibration of it resonates in his bones, in the cavity of his chest. His lungs hum along, the fillings in his teeth buzz. His skull whizzles and frizzles, ". . . dont stop thinking about tomorrow. Yewstersdaays agone yewzstyerdayze gone. oooooooooooo don'tcha look back . . ."

Matt spots his father's slippers on the floor. He drops to his knees, reaches for them. "Leather uppers, plush padded interior," he quietly chants. He rolls over on his back and puts the slippers on. 

"Jesus," Matt slurs in ecstacy. His feet are in the clouds. "My feet are in heaven!"

Lala smirks. "Pretty sure Sparky had abandoned that robe. Looks like raccoons might have been using it as a nest..." 

"Thick and warm," Matt shouts. 

Lala nods, picking up some of Sparky's cologne. She squirts it at Matt. The musk hits his face. 

"My eyes!" Matt covers his faces with his hands. The smell of cologne is nauseating. "My beautiful eyes..."

Lala puts the bottle of cologne down. "I'm so sorry, Matthew." She falls to her knees beside Matt.

Matt dabs his eyes with the terrycloth of the robe.

"You have your father's hands, Mathew. Did you know that?"

"The name's Matt."

"You have Sparky's jawline too." Lala takes a long hard look. "The resemblance is striking."

"I'm drunk," Matt says. 

He's drunk and he's got one increcible erection, despite his extreme intoxication.

Lala picks up the bottle of whisky. Takes a swig. Hands it to Matt. "Here," she says. "You smell so much better."

Matt pours the whiskey over his face. Shit goes black.

---

# Drunk Dailing

### Laundra's doing the show

Matt awakes from the booze blizzard. Pieces of his mind moved by sudden gusts. And then a flurry. And somehow he is standing behind the lobby desk at 7 o'clock in the morning. He is in pain. An avalanche of a headache. 

Who was it that woke him up, helped him dress, and told him to start his shift at the front desk?

"What a shit storm," he mumbles. 

His head spins. He's still drunk.

“Where the fuck is Waldo?” Matt asks himself. “How did I get here and what happened last night?” Matt is delirious but taking a delight in narrating his own life to himself. 

Was Laundra rolling around the floor with him?

"La . . . La . . ." Matt gasps.

The last time he was lost and confused, Laundra picked him up. With that thought, Matt picks up the phone and dials Laundra’s number. 

"Laundra's Clothing Cleaning Store. Laundra speaking."

"Laundra!" 

"Matt?"

Matt clutches the telephone receiver. "Laundra! It's Matt!"

"Hello, Matt. Where are you?"

Matt clutches his dick with one of his hands. "Laundra! Matt speaking! I love you, Laundra!"

"I know, dipshit."

"Laundra, don't go on the show!"

"You're slurring your words."

"Don't go on the show, Laundra!"

"Are you drunk?"

"What? Listen, Laundra--"

"Matt, it's seven in the morning. Where are you?"

"I'm at the hotel. Listen--"

"And you've been drinking? *That's* the work you *had* to do?"

"No. Laundra, listen to me. I'm not drinking again. About the show--"

"I got the call last night, Matt. Lucius--"

"What?" Matt touches his hair. He forgot to style it into a flattop this morning. 

"Lucius Licinius Lubricio--"

"My hair," Matt says to himself, eyes wide.

"What?"

"Nothing. Lucius from TV?" Matt opens a drawer and rummages through the front desk.

"No. The other Lucius. Yeah, from the TV. He owns the--"

"Fucking dickhead." Matt pulls out a tin of pomade from the drawer, slams it on the desk. 

"Excuse me?"

"He's a dickhead. Fuck that guy." Matt opens another drawer. Rummages through it.

"What? Well ... Maybe he's a dickhead. So what? The point is--"

"No doubt about it. There's no maybe. He is a fucking dickhead." Matt pulls out a chewed up comb with missing teeth, slams it on the desk.

"Whatever. Even if he is a dickhead--"

"Which he totally is." Matt pins the phone receiver between his ear and shoulder, freeing both his hands.  

"Fine. I don't care if he's a dickhead or not. It doesn't matter. The point is ... last night, I got a call--"

"He called you?" Matt picks up the comb. Pulls a pube out from its teeth. Grimaces. He wipes the comb clean against his pants. 

"Yeah."

"That fucking dickhead called you?"  Matt puts the comb back down. Opens the tin of pomade. Scoops out the gunk with his fingers and forces it into his hair.

"Not exactly ..."

"What do you mean 'not exactly?' He called you or he didn't call you?" Matt picks up the comb, begins styling his hair.

"His office."

"What the fuck are you talking about?" Matt fingers out more of the pomade and smooshes it into his heap of hair. 

"His secretary."

"Have you seen him on the TV?" He tosses his arm upward with the comb in a melodramatic fashion, standing the hair on his head straight up like a soldier at attention. 

"His assistant."

"Have you seen him? He's such a fucking sleazebag." Matt molds and forms his amateur flattop.

"They want to put me on the show, Matt."

"It's disgusting. I can't believe what he gets away with ... with the women." Matt tosses the comb onto the lobby floor. 

"I agreed, Matt. I'm doing the show. I don't need your money."

Matt lets the phone receiver fall from his shoulder. Scoops out more pomade from the tin. Puts it into his mouth. He starts to cry as he tries to swallow the stuff. 

He can barely hear Laundra's voice coming from the receiver. "Matt? Hello? Matt? You're drunk . . ."

Matt picks up the tin of pomade and starts to lick the gunk out of it. He pets his flattop. He wails. He touches his dick, his hand slathered with hair grease. 

TEMPORARY FIN

---

# What happened to this place?

Lala don't wanna sell it.

"It's supposed to be a luxury destination, right? Come on. I remember how this place was when I was a kid."

She was never around back then. Doesn't matter. Fuck it.

Lala flirts pretty hard with Matt. She tries to make him worship her vagina and do whatever she wants. She is trying hard to take control of the situation. to take control of Matt.

Matt sneaks away from her and puts himself into one of the hotel rooms, marking it as out of order in the system.

<!-- I think this is basically done as a rough draft, although it may be missing an overt come-on from Lala. She maybe should really lay it on: If you want to get involved with the hotel again ... You have to eat my pussy. But we can really get to that in the next section. Perhaps just some joking language in there for her. Some little bits where she alludes to having all the power, and he'd better worship her if he wants anything from her. because this place is hers now. -->

<!-- that could be really good, actually. I'm not sure if I really maximised on the two things I wanted most to detail. Upon going through this section, these should be kept in mind: Lala is taking responsibility for the new direction of the hotel. she controls it now. it is her playground. Not like Matt remembers it. It is her giant sex-toy now. and if matt wants to take a piece of it, or get involved, he's got to play by her rules. He's got to play her game. That's one. The other is that Matt comes in really not giving a fuck, but the more she points out what is happening with the place, the more she demonstrates her vision and control, the more upset Matt becomes. He didn't expect to get upset. He didn't expect to give a fuck, but he does. -->

---

# Confession

<!-- in which he thought his new life was truly perfect, his new life with Laundra. But this Lucius figure is looming on the horizon. Laundra is seemingly committed to putting her Clothing Cleaning store on Lucius' program. -->

Why can't she see that Lucius is a demonic maniac? He's going to ruin everything.

"Life is sex, Son. Don't kid yourself or let anyone try to tell you otherwise. Sometimes the sex is shit. Yes. But don't mistake the nature of life for one of its occasional qualities."

"What the fuck is wrong with me, Father?" Matt asks.

Leo puts two dimes onto the surface of the counter. "You want me to answer that?"

"Yes. I do."

"I've been keeping myself ... I don't know. Life is shit, Father Leo."

"Life is sex, Son. Don't mistake the nature of a thing for one of it's transient attributes. Life is sex. Sometimes the sex is shit. But sex is what it is.

"There is something different about you now. You have the look of depression about you. Something has changed. You have moved on to the next phase already. Perhaps you are grieving over the loss of your father?" Leo stares into Matt for a while before he puts down his copy of *Ninjas with Boobs*, and continues, "No. This isn't your daddy, now, is it? This is something else." He picks up a pamphlet printed with the words SUSPICION / JEALOUSY. He begins to read from it. "If I had to make an assesment, a quick assessment of your current state, I'd have to say that you:

* are being evasive

* are stubborn or dogmatic

* are dwelling on frustration

* cannot tolerate criticism

* are argumentative and defensive

* are you misinterpreteing jokes or mistrusting compliments?

"I like those shoes, Matt. Are they new?"

"I didn't steal these! They are *my* shoes!"

"Okay ..."

* you seem like you are holding onto grudges.

* you are collecting 'evidence' to prove your points

* did I say argumentative already?

"I don't know, Matt Lamott. I'd say that you've found love, but you don't know how to handle it."

What the fuck is going on here?

Matt is talking to Leo. Matt is in the middle of confession. He never grew up with catholic traditions or theology. He never thought he'd be drawn to this type of ritual. This confession ritual. But here he his. He is drawn to it.

He is drawn to Leo. This place, Lord's Liquors, has always been a sanctuary to him. Not always, perhaps, but ever since he left home. Ever since he walked out on his family. He came to find solace. To scrub his soul clean with Detergent Malt Liquor for Men.

Now ... what was it? There was fear. Fear that the liquor wouldn't be enough. That was rediculous. Of course it would be enough.

"I saw that copy of Ninja's With Boobs you were reading there."

Leo doesn't say anything. Just shifts the pile of magazines protectively.

"Is that the new edition?" Matt wants to know. "I've got a subscription. I should maybe head home and check my mail if the latest issue is out. I haven't thought about the mail in a while. I haven't been home in a while. That was NINJAs WITH BOOBS, wasn't it?"

It was, Leo confessed. "I know last time you were in here, I talked them down a whole bunch ... but ... there's something about these Ninjas ... maybe it's their boobs. And yeah. It is the latest issue. Want to take a look?"

Matt does want to take a look, but he declines. He'd rather be alone. He'd rather have his own copy and a little bit of privacy. He wants to drink in the smell of new-printed boobs in privacy.

"Suit yourself."?

"I've had dark and sinful thoughts, Father," Matt says.

"We all have, Son. We have all had dark and sinful thoughts."

"I want to kill a man."

"Why would you want to go and do something stupid like that? I mostly deal in the world of Fucking, Son. The light side and the dark side of Fucking. You see, there is a light side, a good side, the lord's side to fucking, and there is also a dark side, an evil side, the devil's side to fucking. That's the shit that I know about. But why would you want to kill a man?"

"For love."

"Well ... if you have to have a reason to kill a man, that would be the one, I suppose. But let me understand you. You have had fantasies about killing a man?"

"Yes."

"But the moment of passion has passed. And you no longer feel tempted to physically end this man's life. You want to be forgiven for fantasizing about another man's death?"

"No. I want to kill a man for love."

"Are you in love with this man? You want to kill him because he won't have you?"

"No. I want to kill him because he wants to subjugate my one true and noble love with his giant orange penis. He will take her on the television screen and fuck her in front of the entire universe. For the whole world to see. In front of the entire city. With his big orange penis. I've seen it. Like a snake charmer. He puts it in a basket of laundry and forces the women to play these little flutes ... these ... recorders ... and his hardon starts to twitch beneath the dirty socks and then it twitches harder and faster as the women pick up the pace and intensity with their recorder playing. they pick up the pace and the intensity and they lure out his big orange cock. They summon forth the python. the orange machine-tanned vein bulging python with one great slit in it's head. A toothless mouth cut sideways across its bulging python head. A vertical slit. A transverse gash that eventually will open only just wide enough to emit a hot white spray. An ocean spray of ocean foam from the crest of stallion stampeding waves crashing on the shores of my sweet true love's breasts. His hot white jets of foam will humiliate her or maybe only me but I surely will be humiliated and she will be subjugated for all to see. There will be no secrets here, there will be no more mystery left. only sex and subjugation.

She may not love him. but she will take his money. IT will make her dreams come true. I thought I could make her dreams come true. But I don't have the money. She wants to renovate the shop. The clothing cleaning store. She wants to renovate the clothing cleaning store and she needs the money to do it. I told her that I could help her. that I could make it happen but she dismissed me out of hand and laughed at me. I'll give you something to laugh at bitch! I'll make it happen. Don't you dare take that python cock in your mouth in front of my mother!

My poor mother can't bear to see such horrors. Why not your mother is dead and gone my poor mother don't talk about her that way. All I wanted was to be loved and to be important and to make things good to not make things bad any more and I thought I could make things good and I told her that I could save her clothing cleaning store but what was I thinking that I could make it into the place she dreams of that I could make showers of wine fall from the heavens into the basins into the scrub basins and all over the grannies. They want to rinse everything in red wine. There is some red wine scrubbing craze sweeping this world and I don't understand it it just it just sounds like blood everytime I try to picture it all I see is blood soaking into every fiber staining every fiber of my being and trying to charge a fiver to soak my remaining innocent whites with dark red blood?

The blood of her innocence lost. The python smashing its way through the sheets hanging to dry. Breaking the hymen. The python the hymen the python the hymen breaking and letting the flow of deep red wine burst forth and wash away this awful city this shitsmeared city my shitsmeared soul wash it clean. I drink your detergent. I drink your detergent to scrub clean my soul but still when I shake the shit from my face I am filled with filth. I see come out in the rinse, in the wash. I drink your detergent and I piss away the sins of my soul. I shit away the sins of my soul and I see them flowing down the gutter and down into the drains and being carried out to sea and I think for a moment that I am clean that I am safe and clean and I have been forgiven but then when I wake up and look into myself I see that I am filled with more shit and filth than before every day more filth there is no end to the shit that fills me I scrub myself and I purge myself and I swallow the water from the fountain of life from the fountain of youth from the cooling cabinets in the back of your store and I swallow the cleansing liquid and it pushes the sin out of my mind it pushes the memories away and finally i forget myself for a moment or two and that moment or those two moments feel like eternity and the moment disappears and there is only me in the fountain but then I open my eyes and all that is gone and I am filled with more shit and filth and sin than before and no matter what I do I can't shake it it just keeps dragging me down and down and down and I think I can escape it and I think i can look it in the eye but every time i blink it is bigger and it is bigger and it is rising up out of the basket of filthy socks with its big sideways grin it's vertical gash of a smile and it isn't even looking at me it is looking at her and she is still clean inside and she is still pure and it is looking at her and it is going to cover her with white hot filth and I can't stop it it will make her filled with the same shit I am filled with it will fill her with the same filth and I can't do anything about it unless I kill him. I kill him. I kill him and take his cock away from him and she will be left clean and I can help her and I can make things good again but only by killing him.