Matt’s mind is tight with headache. He needs
water but beer is what he drinks. Beer is Matt’s bitch. Matt fucks
beer like men drink bitches. Or maybe Matt is beer’s bitch. 

At the back of the store Matt nearly trips over a
bum passed out on the floor. A steaming shit heap of rags and flesh.

Matt tries to slide the cooler door open, but the
thing won't budge. He leans into it, but the piece of shit on the
ground is right in the way. Matt can't get his footing and his feet,
still slick with greasy feces, begin to slide around on the linoleum.
Fuck. He steadies himself, doesn't fall, but he dances around to keep
his balance, stepping all over the unconscious bum's face, his
shit-smeared toes slide easily into the open, gaping mouth.

The door doesn't slide. He
pulls the handle toward him instead, still slipping awkwardly on the
linoleum. Where did all this liquid come from? Is that beer? Smells
like beer. Like sweet beer piss. Oh fuck. The bum must have pissed
himself while Matt was waﬄestomping him.[1](#sdfootnote1sym)

The cooler door makes a sticky pop as Matt pulls
it open, breaking the seal. Heavenly clouds of condensation issue
forth with the promise of refreshment. Oh sweet nectar of the Gods! 

But the door won't open more than a couple of
inches. Matt tries to reach inside, but his raw, swollen hands won't
fit through the little opening. He pulls the door again and again,
slamming it into the bum's side. 

That lazy bitch is blocking the cooler doors. That
bitch is blocking the beer. 

Matt sighs. He’s tired of having to make an
eﬀort. He closes his eyes and imagines lying down on the cool
linoleum of the liquor store while grisly bums and adorable whores
pour booze into his open mouth. Most likely though, bums would only
piss in Matt’s mouth. He shakes the thought. 

“Fuck you, bum.” Matt says.

He grabs the bum’s legs and pulls him across the
aisle, leaving grey-brown streaks on the linoleum. He opens the
cooler door. Its breath is cold. Ice cold. Matt shivers, letting the
door close. He looks over at the bum on the floor.

The bum has a jacket. The bum has shoes. The bum
has a jacket and shoes. Matt is cold. He has bare feet. He threw his
old shoes into the street. The arches were too high. They jabbed him
and stabbed him in the belly of the foot with each goddamned step he
took. As soon as his feet were bare, he stepped in it. He stepped in
shit. He stepped in crackhead shit.

Matt takes a closer look at the bum’s shoes. 

Matt strips the shoes from the bum’s feet. The
bum's socks are yellowed and dirty. The smell of old shiitake
mushrooms fills Matt's nostrils. He pauses to study the hoary jagged
yellow toenail poking through a hole in the dirty yellow sock.

Matt squeezes his feet into the shoes. They are
too tight. But his feet are encased. Protected from the cruel shit of
the street.

Matt wrestles the jacket oﬀ the bum, puts it on.
He reopens the cooler door and examines the beer. He begins to reach
for a Tall Boy when the voice on the TV grabs his attention. It has
an Australian or New Zealandish accent...

> “Don’t settle for 650.618 ml. Man up
with 1182.94 ml. Life blows and so do whores. Drink DETERGENT Malt
Liquor! DETERGENT Malt Liquor: for gentlemen who drink DETERGENT Malt
Liquor.” 

Matt closes his eyes. He can see the night. It’s
hot and humid, damp and dreary, like the sweaty crotch of a tranny
hooker. It’s been raining oﬀ and on for weeks, months, years,
decades, centuries, millennia. Matt hates rain. He hates water. He’s
aquaphobic. He just wants his beer and his bed. Maybe a waterbed
filled with beer. He simply wants a forty of Malt Liquor. DETERGENT
MALT LIQUOR. 

The TV continues ...

> The newly born embryo crawls out of the
mother's vagina and searches, blindly reaching for a trail of hair.
This is why the mother's choice of a mate is so important. She is
drawn to hairy men. 

> The father's chest hair is one of his
main attractive features. The freshly emerged embryo instinctively
reaches for the trail of chest hair. His little half-formed hands
grab fistfuls of the father's luxuriant treasure trail, and he begins
to pull himself up. Hand over hand, the little fella crawls up toward
his father's beard.

For the next three months, the embryo
will continue its development here, in the comfortable nest of its
father's beard, surviving oﬀ
of little more than food scraps and spilt beverages.

> But now, we have a particularly tragic
case. Our camera crew grew quite attached to this couple during their
mating and the first weeks of gestation.

> But a potential tragedy has presented
itself. The father has stepped out 'for cigarettes' during the first
trimester, and has yet to return.

> Now observe, the moment of birth. Young
Julius emerges from his mother's vagina and begins to crawl around,
vainly searching for a plush chestful of hair. But father isn't
around. Instinct propels young Julius to crawl up his mother's torso.
He finds his mother's chin, but her chin is naked and bare. There is
no place for Julius to nest.

> If father doesn't return soon, Young
Julius will die a slow death of starvation and dehydration.

> Moment by moment and hand over hand,
young Julius crawls around searching in vain for his father's
welcoming nest of hair. His mewling cries grow weaker and weaker.
Eventually he finds his way into his mother's hair. But unless his
mother is an incredibly messy eater, he won't be able to find the
sustenance he needs.

Matt realizes he’s been staring at the wall of
beer for quite some time. 

Matt’s eyes stick on a colorful label: DETERGENT
Malt Liquor. 

“For gentlemen who drink DETERGENT Malt Liquor,”
Matt reads aloud. 

The sweet golden liquid in the clear glass
glimmers. Matt can already feel the sin-soluble cleansing agent of
malt liquor combining with the impurities of his soul, breaking them
down, loosening them like a special plaque-removal mouthwash
formulated to dissolve his transgressions and rinse them away. 

But Matt doesn’t want a clean soul. He wants to
flush it out entirely, to pass it like a giant metaphysical turd.
Souls are useless in this city. Souls are shit.

[1](#sdfootnote1anc)waﬄestomp  
verb.
	To defecate on the shower floor and stomp the fecal matter through
	the drain, thus creating a waﬄe imprint.   
*I totallywaﬄestomped in Joey's shower last night. He's such a fucking
	retard.*  
—From the Urban Dictionary